BECKHAM
EPISODE TITLE
Good afternoon and welcome
to the return of La Liga.
REAL MADRID V REAL BETIS
AUGUST 2003
If we won...
RONALDO NÁZARIO
...we'd go out or grab a beer,
or a guaraná.
And caipirinhas. David was a fan of those.
When a free kick was awarded,
we didn't know who'd take it, me or him.
LUÍS FIGO
REAL MADRID 2000-2005
1 R. MADRID
VICTORIA BECKHAM
DAVID'S WIFE
Do you think you're losing out a lot
because you're married?
All these women who love you,
throw their pants at you.
APRIL 2004
AN AFFAIR WITH BECKS
JOHN CARLIN
AUTHOR - WHITE ANGELS: BECKHAM
REAL MADRID & THE NEW FOOTBALL
BECKS, SECRET SEX
BECKS' LOVER
ALLEGED AFFAIR
SEX WITH BECKS
BED 'EM LIKE BECKHAM
MARRIAGE CRISIS
CHALET ATLANTIQUE
REAL MADRID V OSASUNA
APRIL 2004
CARLOS QUEIROZ
REAL MADRID MANAGER 2003/04
MÍCHEL SALGADO
REAL MADRID 1999-2009
AZKAR
The arrival of Victoria Adams
to the capital of Spain can be interpreted
as an attempt by the couple
to help their relationship
that has recently deteriorated
due to the numerous stories.
I'm going to sneak past him.
Don't do anything crazy.
What's going on?
What's going on, David?
What's going on? What are you doing?
What's going on?
Incredible.
At school, at my home.
2 R. MADRID
They began to doubt us.
They said that we were
a marketing project,
that we were not
a sports project.
1 VALENCIA - 2 BARCELONA - 3 R. MADRID
FEBRUARY 2005
RUBER HOSPITAL, MADRID
Mrs. Victoria Beckham
gave birth
by prescheduled cesarean section.
WHAT WILL POSH SAY?
I am very disappointed with
the performances over the last few months.
We have agreed, by mutual agreement,
Carlos Queiroz
will not continue with the club.
We have agreed to hire Camacho
as the new coach of Real Madrid.
I accept the resignation
of Antonio Camacho as coach.
Remón is the new coach of Real Madrid.
I have accepted the resignation
of Remón as coach of Madrid.
THREE MONTHS LATER
Luxemburgo is the new coach
of Real Madrid.
After having analyzed the situation,
I think this is the right time...
FOURTEEN MONTHS LATER
...for me to leave
the presidency of Real Madrid.
Fabio Capello! Welcome to Madrid!
Fabio Capello had a message
for the heart of Madridismo.
FABIO CAPELLO
REAL MADRID MANAGER 2006/07
The Galácticos are players
from another universe.
They arrive from the stars to a club,
which is great motivation
for the opponents to beat them.
So I had to fix that.
It took Capello seconds
to show his hard hand.
Capello tried to have a firm hand with us.
But I never agreed with
the firm-hand approach.
MADRID
Greetings. How are you?
Welcome to the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium.
News in.
Real Madrid will be without Ronaldo,
without Beckham.
LOS ANGELES, CA USA
LAX AIRPORT
LOS ANGELES
MADRID AIRPORT SPAIN
DAVID BECKHAM COMES TO AMERICA!
LANDON DONOVAN
LA GALAXY 2005 - 2014 & 2016
BECKHAM COMES TO AMERICA
KYLE MARTINO
LA GALAXY 2006 - 2007
TED BECKHAM
DAVID'S DAD
GALAXY
GARY NEVILLE
MAN UTD 1992-2011
SIR ALEX FERGUSON
MAN UTD MANAGER 1986 - 2013
LAX AIRPORT
LOS ANGELES
JANUARY 2007 MADRID
When David signed for Los Angeles...
the Real Madrid board
saw it as an offense.
That had never happened.
David was always on time for training
and kept working very hard.
It was quite a surprise for me.
So we spoke to Capello...
and pleaded with him
to let David train with us.
I went to see the president and said...
"From tomorrow, I will let David play."
"If I lose, you can send me away."
MARK BOLTON
SKY SPORTS
But it was impossible.
It was impossible for Barcelona to lose
the championship with that big lead.
REAL MADRID V RCD MALLORCA
FINAL GAME OF THE SEASON JUNE 2007
BECKHAM
We wanted to win the league
and leave with our heads held high.
DADDY
23 - 19
I had to replace him.
We were a team of friends.
It's over!
The fight is over!
Becks, are you happy?
- No.
-   No? Not much?
A little.
I said, "Are you sure about this?"
"You will be going to a league
that has no value."
HOLLYWOOD
WELCOME TO THE US BECKS!!
BECKHAM MANIA
HOME DEPOT CENTER
WELCOME DAVID BECKHAM
DAVID GARDNER
FRIEND & BUSINESS PARTNER
DC UNITED V LA GALAXY
AUGUST 2007
ALLEN HOPKINS
MLS PRIMETIME THURSDAY
FRANKLIN FOER
AUTHOR: HOW SOCCER EXPLAINS THE WORLD
SANDRA BECKHAM
DAVID'S MUM
PRO SOCCER MLS
GALAXY 14 PTS
No, I wasn't the first.
There was
a Swedish one before me.
FABIO CAPELLO
ENGLAND MANAGER 2007 - 2012
I told him that, in my opinion,
he needed to return back to reality.
You guys just moved to the States.
You moved your family here.
Was it worth the move?
FORZA MILAN
LAX AIRPORT
LOS ANGELES
LA GALAXY
STARS & SWIPES
RUBBISH TEAM-MATE, BECKS
UNCOMMITTED, UNHAPPY, OVERPAID,
A TERRIBLE TEAM-MATE
SPORTSLINE
LA GALAXY MIDFIELDER DAVID BECKHAM
LA GALAXY V AC MILAN
FRIENDLY MATCH, JULY 2009
LA RIOT SQUAD
COMMITMENT ≠ PART TIME PLAYER!
TRAITOR
23: REPENT
CHIVAS USA V LA GALAXY
OCTOBER 2010
CRUZ - ROMEO - BROOKLYN
PRO SOCCER MLS
GALAXY 59 PTS
ONE DAVID BECKHAM
LA GALAXY V HOUSTON DYNAMO
2011 MLS CUP FINAL
SOCCER SUPERSTAR'S FINAL GAME
DAVID BECKHAM LEAVES THE LA GALAXY
GALAXY WIN 2ND STRAIGHT MLS CUP
IN BECKHAM'S LAST US GAME
BECKHAM SAYS HE HOPES
HE RAISED INTEREST IN SOCCER
PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN V FC BARCELONA
APRIL 2013
JULIAN WATERS
BREAKING NEWS
PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN V STADE BRESTOIS 29
BECKHAM'S FINAL GAME, MAY 2013
What a super ball over the top!
That's it. It's the end of a career,
an immense career.
An immense player, an immense global star,
hangs up his boots.
NATURAL BRITISH CHARCOAL
Making love
Islands in the stream
ERIC CANTONA
MAN UTD 1992-1997
DB
RESERVED
CLUB INTERNACIONAL DE FÚTBOL MIAMI
SUITE ACCESS
SIEGE MIAMI
- Neymar.
- Hi, David.
I hope you have lots of success.
Hi, David. Well, firstly, congratulations.
I wanted to wish you lots of luck
in this new project.
And, well, maybe give me a call.
DRV PNK STADIUM
GUNNERS
Subtitle translation by: